Riley/c 2822 inbox doesnt refetch unreadmessagecount (#55)
trycourier/courier-react: README.md

[![stability-beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-beta-33bbff.svg?label=Stability)](https://github.com/mkenney/software-guides/blob/master/STABILITY-BADGES.md#beta)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/trycourier/courier-react/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=NVTDWY9UH4)](https://codecov.io/gh/trycourier/courier-react)

## What is `courier-react`?

> This repository, also called **In-App**, is a set of features and components that can work inside our customers websites. Courier is a powerful application but integrating all of the features into your frontend manually can be overwhelming and time consuming. This is where In-App steps up and can superpower your application by providing Realtime Messaging (Toast), an Inbox, Notification Preferences, and many more coming soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository, also called **In-App**, is a set of features and components that can work inside our customers web applications. Courier is a powerful application but integrating all of the features into your frontend manually can be overwhelming and time consuming. This is where In-App steps up and can superpower your application by providing Realtime Messaging (Toast), an Inbox, Notification Preferences, and many more coming soon!
```
